So here is a possible learning curve.
And let's see how we went from seeing a framework for the first time you were working a little bit with
it and let me also give you an impression on how the learning curve would possibly continue if we were
to dive deeper into the frameworks.
So we saw it for the first time and for Lord that meant that we had to use to Selye to set up a project
because it uses typescript and so on and doesn't really work by just dropping an import for reactions.
That was probably easier however then as I said Angle or use uses types could then we have to add complex
workflow we have to understand we have to understand why we need to disallow why we need to create a
project like this that we have all these modules and components and different files and that we therefore
need a workflow which transports typescript and which merges all these Fahd's into a basic bundle for
re-act we had to understand that ESX is strongly recommended though not absolutely necessary and that
everything is javascript and therefore we have this strange J as X language where we write h to him
like code in javascript that can be tough to understand.
It isn't too difficult once you've got it.
But having this first point of ah I got it can be difficult.
The future hasn't Yabrud in my opinion is pretty easy to get started with.
We use vanilla javascript we could use iOS 6 1/2 our workflow or target browser supported but there
is nothing wrong with using is 5.
And we start by simply controlling a part of the Dom and then using the view Cesena X which I believe
is straightforward to understand at the beginning.
Let's look at the next point of time we're diving deeper for angler.
This means that we have to understand how components modules and the syntax works and how all these
pieces work together.
That certainly is a doable step but still it is something you have to get into.
You have to understand the way Ingela works.
It might not be as hard as understanding how the project works how the angle APIs started and why we
use typescript.
But still it's not super easy now for re-act staying kind of steep because we again have to understand
that everything is javascript and the first time you try to render content conditionally or you try
to output a list of items.
It can be tough to understand that all you use are normal Javascript functions or methods like for example
the map method on an array to render out elements.
Once you've got it again it's not that hard but it is something you have to understand for the future.
Yes we're getting a bit more advanced we might start using our local workflow with WePay so that we
can use E-6 and have it compile to years five and we might start using these dot view files to have
an easier way of writing components in the end.
But again you have to understand that at first you have to understand that thought you to give you more
features because they are compiled to javascript code in your workflow and not compiled in the browser
as you did with the very first step when you control a part of the actual HDMI code.
So it's getting a bit steeper but still doable.
But again a little bit steep.
Let's continue.
Let's say now we're building real apps and we're building more complex apps.
This is the point we haven't reached in this course because it's only an introduction but there Engler
has more concepts like dependency injection and putting all these pieces to Gabr services for example
are a topic we haven't touched on here but are then also a core when we build more complex apps and
when we have a look at managing the state because that is a key issue in bigger apps managing the application
state making sure that if we change something in component a it correctly gets reflected in component
B and that can be tough and that is why we have another big thing we have to learn in and or to get
this right in Riyadh.
That's pretty much the same.
We have some recommended state management patterns like redox which is great but again you have to learn
these.
So again that is quite an effort to make that step from.
I'm fine with the basics too.
I'm starting to build bigger apps for you.
We also have to understand how components may communicate and how we build our apps with components
state management however is a bit easier because Walski also have to learn it.
There is a package deal x which is by the creators of future Yes and which integrates nicely into it.
And therefore whilst being something you have to learn is not that difficult to learn in the end.
So its getting a bit steeper or a bit difficult still but again doable.
Now the final step might be that we want to deploy our app here.
ENGLER really taking off there are tons of optimizations we can do.
And we unfortunately have to do to get an application which really is small and offers the best performance.
That's easier for both viewer and react.
There are of course we all can do some tweaking and they support great tools which allow us to decrease
the bundled size split up our bundles and optimized the apps but out of the box these frameworks work
better you could say and I come back to this later when we have a look at the performance of frameworks
so Engler is all the words from a performance perspective necessarily but getting it to perform nicely
and optimizing it for production might be more difficult.
Now that's just one possible learning curve.
It might differ for you.
Maybe you're saying what are you talking.
Getting started with re-act was super easy is all javascript.
I know javascript.
It's straightforward and that's totally fine but maybe you are saying hey I'm coming from a very basic
h him L plus Cheikh where he world and therefore view chess was really easy to get started because we
have that strong connection between HDMI and Javascript was still having a clear separation or you were
saying I'm a C-sharp developer I need types and typescript is pretty similar to C-Sharp in some points.
And then Fred was really easy for me to get started with angular.
So that is really something you will have to decide and that is why we had these introductions into
frameworks so that you could get a picture of them and get an understanding of how easy or difficult
it feels for you to get started with one of these frameworks.
NELSON We have a look at this example possible learning curve how could we rate the frameworks here.
Angler probably has a rather steep learning curve and it stays steep to the end until you master the
whole flow for the first time of course.
Then you know how it works and it's much easier for the traps you build in my myopia has a great learning
curve easy to get started with but still giving you some challenges but doable and react.
That is something where our people would be of a totally different opinion.
But in my opinion re-act also gives it quite a difficult learning curve a steep learning curve.
You have to use ESX in most cases you basically need a work flow for most apps and you have to understand
that everything is javascript idea of react and you have to understand GSX and get into it and understand
how you work with it.
Once there's a set and this is true for all frameworks it's of course easier but learning it might be
difficult.
Let's have a look at how easy it is to scale down or use these frameworks and smaller apps and multi-page
applications.
Next.